Added features part (#15)
eProsima/Micro-XRCE-DDS-docs: docs/index.rst

This implementation complies with the specification proposal, "eXtremely Resource Constrained Environments DDS (DDS-XRCE)" submitted to the Object Management Group (OMG) consortium.

*Micro XRCE-DDS* implements a client-server protocol to enable resource-constrained devices (clients) to take part in DDS communications.
*Micro XRCE-DDS Agent* (server) makes possible this communication acting on behalf of the *Micro XRCE-DDS Clients*
and enables them to take part as DDS publishers and/or subscribers in the DDS Global Data Space.

*Micro XRCE-DDS* provides both, a plug and play *Micro XRCE-DDS Agent* and an API layer which allows you to implement your *Micro XRCE-DDS Clients*.

.. image:: images/xrcedds_architecture.svg

Main features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
High performance.

>     Uses a static low level serialization library `(MicroCDR) <https://github.com/eProsima/Micro-CDR>`_ that serialize in `XCDR <https://www.omg.org/spec/DDS-XTypes/1.2/PDF>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Uses a static low-level serialization library `(MicroCDR) <https://github.com/eProsima/Micro-CDR>`_ that serialize in `XCDR <https://www.omg.org/spec/DDS-XTypes/1.2/PDF>`_.
```

Low resouces.
    The client library is dynamic memory free and static memory free.

>     This means that the only memory charge is due by the stack growth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This means that the only memory charge is due to the stack growth.
```

    It can manage a simple publisher/subscriber with less of 2KB of RAM.

>     Besides, the client is built with a *profiles* concept, that allows to add or remove functionality to the library in order to reduce the binary size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Besides, the client is built with a *profiles* concept, that allows to add or remove functionality to the library changing the binary size.
```

Multi-platform.
    The OS dependencies are treated as pluggable modules.

>     The user can implement easily his own platform modules in order to use *Micro XRCE-DDS Client* library in his specific platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The user can easily implement his platform modules to *Micro XRCE-DDS Client* library in his specific platform.
```

>     By default the proyect can run over `Linux`, `Windows` and `Nuttx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, the project can run over `Linux`, `Windows` and `Nuttx`.
```

Free and Open Source.

>    The client library, among with the agent executable, the generator tool and internal dependencies as *MicroCDR* or *FastRTPS* are all of them free and open source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The client library, the agent executable, the generator tool and internal dependencies as *MicroCDR* or *FastRTPS* are all of them free and open source.
```

Easy to use.
    The project comes with examples of a publisher and a subscriber,

>     an example of how MicroXRCE-DDS is deployed into a stage and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    an example of how Micro XRCE-DDS is deployed into a stage and
```

Reviewer: I am not sure what do you mean with `stage`.

Author: Into a "real scenario"

    an interactive demo that can be used with the `ShapesDemo <https://github.com/eProsima/ShapesDemo>`_ with the purpose of understanding the DDS-XRCE protocol and making tests.

>     The client API es completely explained and documentation comes with a guided example of how create your own client application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The client API is thoroughly explained, and a guided example of how to create your client application is distributed as part of the documentation.
```

Implementation of the DDS-XRCE standard.
    `DDS-XRCE <https://www.omg.org/spec/DDS-XRCE/1.0/Beta1/PDF>`_ is a standard communication protocol of OMG consortium

>     focused in communicating eXtremely Resource Constrained Environments with the DDS world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    focused on communicating eXtremely Resource Constrained Environments with the DDS world.
```

Best effort and reliable communication.

>     *Micro XRCE-DDS* supports both, *best effort* for a fast and light communication and *reliable* when the communication reliability is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Micro XRCE-DDS* supports both, *best effort* for fast and light communication and *reliable* when the communication reliability is needed.
```

> Transport layer pluggable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pluggable tansport layer.
```

    Micro XRCE-DDS is not built over a specific transport as *serial* or *UDP*.

>     It is agnostic about the transport used, and give to the user the posibility of implement easily his own transport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It is agnostic about the transport used, and give the user the possibility of implement easily his tailored transport.
```

Author: I realised that maybe is algo `...the possibility of implementing...` ?

Reviewer: Maybe is better `the chance of implementing...`

>     By the fault, *UPD*, *TCP*, and *serial* transports are provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Default *UPD*, *TCP*, and *serial* transports are provided.
```

> Commercial Support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commercial support available @ `info@eprosima.com`
```

>     Available: `info@eprosima.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I need this line, because the rst style request me a new line over the "feature title"

Reviewer: Need to change the email to point to `support@eprosima.com` then.
